Welcome to Lunar Jam.
Jam Starts October 31 - 12 PM EST


Gameplay
Level contains no Gameplay. (Auto)
Level is actively unfun to play.
Level makes an effort to be enjoyable, but is held back by major issues with level/game design.
Level is moderately enjoyable, with several minor flaws.
Level is very enjoyable, but contains a few minor flaws.
Level is extremely fun, with little to no game/level design flaws.

Originality
Level contains no original gimmick or ideas.
Level has an extremely unoriginal or stolen gimmick, and non-unique decoration.
Level has a gimmick that borrows heavily from another entry or level, and/or non-unique decoration.
Level has a gimmick that is entirely unique to the entry, and has non-unique decoration.
Level has a unique gimmick that is entirely unique to the entry, and innovative decoration ideas.
Level has an entirely unique gimmick, and unique decoration ideas not seen in any other entries.

Theme
Level Does Not Have a Theme.(Disqualification)
Level makes a loose attempt at a theme that does not strongly represent the given theme for the jam.
Level makes a passable attempt at a theme that represents the given theme for the jam.
Level clearly relates to the given theme of the Jam.
Level clearly relates to the given theme of the Jam, and adheres to at least one sub-theme.
Level clearly relates to the given theme of the Jam, and adheres to BOTH sub-themes.

Decoration
Level contains no decoration.
Level contains very little decoration (Basic pulses/movements, no designs)
Level contains basic or unfinished decoration (simple designs, pulses, movements, etc.)
Level contains average quality decoration (Rate-Feature Quality)
Level contains high-quality decoration (Epic+ Quality)
Level contains extremely high quality decoration (Legendary+ Quality)

Judge Bonuses
Judge has a neutral opinion on this level.
Judge enjoys this level slightly more than the average entry.
Judge enjoys this level noticeably more than the average entry.
Judge enjoys this level significantly more than the average entry.
This is one of the Judge's most enjoyed entries of the Jam.
This is the Judge's single favorite level of the Jam. (Only one +5 per judge per event)